hello you're watching FIFA predicts put
it in the big games in the football
world via the medium of FIFA 15 computer
vs. computer and it's a very special day
today I got an email in my junk folder
my spam account not sure how it got in
there from a dr. Tony Meola who who
wishes my family and my cat's peace and
prosperity thank you dr. Tony
he says he's delighted to announce that
FIFA predicts has won the award for best
series best series on the world wide web
and that's pretty big so thank you very
much I'm delighted to to win that award
all I need to do is transfer him ten
thousand dollars and giving my bank
account details but I'm sure that's just
a formality and that prize will be
winging its way to FIFA predicts HQ
first I win at life now I win at FIFA
predicts so thank you very much dr. Tony
Meola and thanks to you as well for us
for voting if you did but the show must
go on
and it's Arsenal vs Liverpool your
commentator at the Emirates is Anthony
Richardson Anthony best series of what
Anthony I hate to be skeptical but it
sounds as if you've fallen for an email
scam I fell for one of those once I gave
$8,000 to form a USA and Coventry
midfield a roy wegerle hang on a minute
post and outs yeah lega li told me he
was the Prince of Monaco I should have
smelled a rat and speaking of rodents
Cazorla is scurrying right up livable
drainpipe one-nil he wrong-footed touré
who had the turning circle of a tugboats
Oh gyro swing Gers go inside son see
there that's unpleasant Liverpool fight
back Harry and the Hendersons great
block Kashani
vital block he got his body behind the
ball and saved it with his hand
yeah that should be a penalty guys but
video replays for another seven years
away so we can't do much about that hang
on a minute this time it is a pen Oh
Mike Dane this better be stone wall
mates
oh goodness he got the ball so much he
gave birth to it Cazorla the stumpy
assassin to nil liveable not dead but
certainly buried like when you're at the
beach and your nephew covers you in sand
but you can't do anything about it
because his parents are scary another
penalty again seemingly for no reason
Toure shouts yeah yeah and that won't
help his cause one bit burning car mini
Lay's pants pulled down by that strike
his underwear
spotty second half what is this another
penalty no it's a free-kick gained in
similarly dubious circumstances because
all ur strokes it like a grateful cats
go is it a bow is it applo
no it's oliviers gyro and up pop all the
pictures of cute fluffy animals I can
find
that's for you liveable fans to stop you
overheating you can't stay mad when
there's a picture of a duckling flanked
by foxes oh hang on
take all the pictures away yeah they've
scored again they 5 mil Batsy oh thanks
Anthony now competition time predict the
score of the real game in the comments
section below get it right and you'll
win this picture I've drawn a Thea
Wolcott in a Liverpool shirt there he is
he'll be scurrying around in no time on
Liverpool's bench and congratulations to
last week's winners of England vs.
Lithuania and Turkey versus the
Netherlands you won Gareth Bale holding
Renaldo's heart in the desert like in
Kill Bill and the winners are these
winners congratulations to hard fighter
mind light Eric 15:02 point 91 the
glistering melon Big C MAX Uli Bari
rusty J 95 egg on Arsenal good for them
for winning something Jake csw Charlie
Palmer Faisal Ahmed tal Goreski key
Donal Kelly
doyon hash drop Navi ultimate Joe Hren
Bari Alex Crosby Jack spindly and mr.
perfect vision
see you next week on fever predicts
you